#Minutes for the meeting on 07 April 2016. 

**Agenda:**  
1. Date for the 2nd Datasprint.  
2. Michael's agenda for the Sunday datasprint.   
3. How to study the datasprint.  
4. Create problem statement.  
5. Delegate reading tasks.  

**Minutes:**  

1. Date for the 2nd Datasprint.  
We will stick to April 28, from 08:00 until 13:00. Try to move meeting w. Marisa and Rachel to 13:00.  

2. Michael's agenda for the Sunday datasprint.  
Briefly reviewed, and approved by the group.

3. How to study the datasprint.  
Tiemo: Maybe we don't need to study the datasprints at all, maybe we should just use our experience and work more theoretically?  
Bastian will focus on A&Ts questions and our answers.   
Nicolai will focus on the creativity and group dynamics.   
Tiemo will look at the selection of tools, and how this affects the datasprint.  
Michael will look at the structure and elements of the datasprint.  
Focus consists in taking notes in github on the separate aspects along the way, during the day. 

4. Create problem statement.   
Debate about what our focus is: Bastian raises the issue of whether we should follow a problem-solution approach, or whether it should be a more epistemologically oriented social science method. Tiemo; hackathons are used in older companies as a way of trying to fill out a knowledge hole.  
The point is exactly to investigate whether datasprint is a digital method. 
Bastian's bias is that it is not, it's more of a method that combine digital methods. 
Tiemo thinks we should distinguish it from the offline methods; i.e. a math-a-thon with offline data is not a digital method.   
Problem statement: **To what extent is the experimental method called a "datasprint", a digital method?**  
Sub-question 1: **What distinguishes something as a digital method?**  
Sub-question 2: **What sort of knowledge is produced in a datasprint, and how does it become accepted to be knowledge.**  

5. Delegate reading tasks.  
No reading tasks delegated. Discuss reading burden next time around.  
